docs: clarify when `transformIndexHtml` hook runs or not (#17547)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/api-plugin.md

  }
  ```

  ::: warning Note

>   This hook may not always be run if you are using a framework: it is up to the framework to call `server.transformIndexHtml`.

Reviewer: I think we could go with something like this to be more explicit:
```suggestion
  This hook won't be called if you are using a framework that has custom handling of entry files (for example [SvelteKit](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/discussions/8269#discussioncomment-4509145).
```

>   :::

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is true. `appType` doesn't affect if `transformIndexHtml` is called, it's up to the frameworks if they call `server.transformIndexHtml`. If they don't, then the hook will not be called.

If we want to document it here, I think it's more accurate to say that some SSR frameworks may not support this hook, and hence it may not always run for all HTML.

Author: Ok I see, more like this?
